{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Phd-Concept\
\
Music ensemble performance is a task that involves precise coordination and fluidity between the performers. Furthermore, the creative interpretation of existing musical scores along with the occasional composition of entirely new pieces of music are an essential part of it. The ensemble musicians thus need to be able to sound unique, in order to deliver an engaging experience to the audience, but also to remain predictable to each other to achieve coordination. This is sometimes referred to as \'93chemistry\'94 between the performers. The COCREATE project aims to investigate this phenomenon.\
\
How ensemble musicians achieve well-coordinated performances in musical contexts requiring creative interpretation is the question driving this research. In order to determine the effect of different factors on live human interaction, both human-human and human-computer collaborations will be examined and compared. This will be done to investigate how human musicians perceive a computer in the role of a co-performer. \
\
The project is structure around two main tasks - the development of a computer accompaniment system (CAS) to fill the role of the artificial performer and the undertaking of a series of experiments to test for any difference between human-human and human-machine performances and their possible cause. \
\
The CAS is gonna be really cool! etc\'85\
}